Add section for TN/MPS (#5929)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.37.0.md

<h4>Execute faster with Default Tensor 🔗</h4>

* A new `default.tensor` device is now available for performing
  [tensor network](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tensor_network) and

>   [matrix product state](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matrix_product_state) simulations using the

Reviewer: > performing tensor network and matrix product state simulations

I think this sounds like making tensor networks and contracting them generally, not in the context of circuits.
We could say something more like "... is now available for simulating quantum circuits (faster?) via tensor networks and matrix product states..."

Author: Thanks, fixed!

>   [`quimb` backend](https://quimb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: This rendered kind of strangely:
![image](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/assets/67476785/c1bfeb13-70d7-4bd6-b462-332138775536)

Author: Thanks, I forgot that - this shows fine in markdown but does not convert correctly to the docs version.

  [(#5699)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5699)
  [(#5744)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5744)
  [(#5786)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5786)
  [(#5795)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5795)

>   Either method can be selected when instantiating the `default.tensor` device by fixing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Either method can be selected when instantiating the `default.tensor` device by setting the
```

>   `method` keyword argument to `"tn"` (tensor network) or `"mps"` (matrix product state). This
>   device can allow a large number of qubits to be simulated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `method` keyword argument to `"tn"` (tensor network) or `"mps"` (matrix product state). This
  device can can simulate a large number of qubits:
```

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml

  num_qubits = 1000
  dev = qml.device("default.tensor", method="mps")

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.Hadamard(0)
      for i in range(num_qubits - 1):
          qml.CNOT([i, i + 1])
      return qml.expval(qml.Z(num_qubits - 1))

  circuit()
  ```

  Additional configuration settings like the matrix product state bond dimension can be specified
  when instantiating `default.tensor`, see the

>   [device documentation](https://docs.pennylane.ai/en/stable/code/api/pennylane.devices.default_tensor.DefaultTensor.html)

Reviewer: Will this link be available soon?

Author: Yes, here is the `latest` version:
https://docs.pennylane.ai/en/latest/code/api/pennylane.devices.default_tensor.DefaultTensor.html

  for more details.
  These settings have implications for the speed and accuracy of the simulation, as shown in the
  following example. First, set up the circuit:

  ```python
  import numpy as np

  n_layers = 10
  n_wires = 10

  initial_shape, weights_shape = qml.SimplifiedTwoDesign.shape(n_layers, n_wires)
  np.random.seed(1967)
  initial_layer_weights = np.random.random(initial_shape)
  weights = np.random.random(weights_shape)

  def f():
      qml.SimplifiedTwoDesign(initial_layer_weights, weights, range(n_wires))
      return qml.expval(qml.Z(0))
  ```

  The `default.tensor` device is instantiated with a `max_bond_dim` value:

  ```python

  dev_dq = qml.device("default.qubit")
  value_dq = qml.QNode(f, dev_dq)()

  dev_mps = qml.device("default.tensor", max_bond_dim=5)

>   value_mps = qml.QNode(f, dev_mps)()

Reviewer: Not the workflow I'm using to seeing with @qml.qnode(dev), but takes up less space :+1: 
Would it make sense to show the improvement we get with higher bond dimension?

Author: I started with that but didn't want to make it too much of a demo - probably best to just keep it simple.

  ```

  With this bond dimension, the expectation values calculated for `default.qubit` and
  `default.tensor` are different:

  ```pycon
  >>> np.abs(value_dq - value_mps)
  tensor(0.0253213, requires_grad=True)
  ```

  Learn more about `default.tensor` and how to configure it by visiting the

>   [how-to guide](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_How_to_simulate_quantum_circuits_with_tensor_networks/).

Reviewer: Will this link be available soon?

Author: Yes it should be, but we'll have to remove again if we don't make it :crossed_fingers: 

CC @ikurecic - this is a how-to that we're aiming to release concurrently with the release notes/blog post.
